Inactive workloads optimization (#934)
netgroup-polito/CrownLabs: operators/README.md

When an Instance remains inactive, the controller starts sending email notifications to tenants, warning them that the Instance will be paused or deleted if they do not access it. The number of notifications sent is defined by the `inactiveTerminationMaxNumberOfAlerts` parameter in the Helm chart. Once this limit is reached, the controller takes action: **persistent Instances are paused**, while **non-persistent Instances are deleted**. After the final action, an additional email is sent to inform the tenant.
Both the controller and the email notifications can be enabled or disabled through the Helm chart using the `enableInstanceInactiveTermination` and `enableInactivityNotifications` parameters. In addition, the behavior can be customized using annotations. For example, the `CustomNumberOfAlertsAnnotation` on a Template allows overriding the default number of notifications for a specific Instance type, while the `InstanceInactivityIgnoreNamespace` annotation on a Namespace completely excludes its Instances from the inactivity termination logic.

> #### Instance Expiration controller

Reviewer: Not clear to me what's the relationship between this controller and the previous one.

When an Instance has been marked as inactive, the controller starts sending email notifications to tenants, warning them that the Instance will be paused or deleted if they do not access it.
The number of notifications sent is defined by the `inactiveTerminationMaxNumberOfAlerts` parameter in the Helm chart.
Once this limit is reached, the controller takes action: **persistent Instances are paused**, while **non-persistent Instances are deleted**.
After the final action, an additional email is sent to inform the tenant.
Both the controller and the email notifications can be enabled or disabled through the Helm chart using the `enableInstanceInactiveTermination` and `enableInactivityNotifications` parameters. In addition, the behavior can be customized using annotations. For example, the `CustomNumberOfAlertsAnnotation` on a Template allows overriding the default number of notifications for a specific Instance type, while the `InstanceInactivityIgnoreNamespace` annotation on a Namespace completely excludes its Instances from the inactivity termination logic.

#### Instance Expiration controller

> The second controller focuses on the maximum lifespan of Instances. Each Template defines a `DeleteAfter` field that specifies how long an Instance can exist before it must be removed. When an Instance reaches this limit, the controller automatically deletes it. As with inactivity termination, this feature can be managed through Helm chart parameters: `enableInstanceExpiration` controls whether the controller is active, while `enableExpirationNotifications` enables or disables email alerts to inform tenants before deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the Instance Inactive Termination Controller deletes Instances when these are not used for an extended period of time, this controller (_Instance Expiration Controller_) introduces an orthogonal feature, i.e., the capability to delete an Instance when its maximum lifespan has expired, no matter if the instance has been used or not.
Each Template defines a `DeleteAfter` field that specifies how long an Instance can exist before it must be removed. When an Instance reaches this limit, the controller automatically deletes it. As with inactivity termination, this feature can be managed through Helm chart parameters: `enableInstanceExpiration` controls whether the controller is active, while `enableExpirationNotifications` enables or disables email alerts to inform tenants before deletion.
This feature can be used when we know already that an Instance will not be needed after a given period; a possible example is the instance used to carry out an exam, which can be safely deleted when the exam has finished.
```
